added Use Cases and Useful Resources for Tabular Regression Task Page (#434)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/tabular-regression/about.md

## Use Cases
Whenever we have a set of variables recorded in a table and use them, we try to predict a target variable; this kind of scenario could be classified as tabular regression. Some of the popular tabular use cases are:

- **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 
  Here the objective is to predict a continuous variable based on a set of input variable(s). For example, predicting `sales` of an ice cream shop based on `temperature` of weather and `duration of hours` shop was open. Here we can build a regression model with `temperature` and `duration of hours` as input variable and `sales` as target variable.

> - **Filling Missing Values**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Filling Missing Values**:
```

>   - In real-world applications, due to human error or other reasons, some of the input values can be missing or there might not be any recorded data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In real-world applications, due to human error or other reasons, some of the input values can be missing or there might not be any recorded data. Considering the example above, say the shopkeeper's watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset. In this case, missing values could be replaced it with zero, or average hours for which the shop is kept open. Another approach we can try is to use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.
```

>   - Considering the example above, say the shopkeeper's watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - In this case, missing values could be replaced it with zero, or average hours for which the shop is kept open. Another approach we can try is to use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Metrics Used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Model Hosting and Inference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inference
[Here](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/tasks/src/tabular-regression/about.md) you can add a small snippet that shows how to infer a tabular regression model.
```

## Useful Resources

- For starting with tabular regression:
    - Doing [Exploratory Data Analysis](https://neptune.ai/blog/exploratory-data-analysis-for-tabular-data) for tabular data. 
      - The data considered here consists of details of Olympic athletes and medal results from Athens 1896 to Rio 2016. 
      - Here you can learn more about how to explore and analyse the data and visualize them in order to get a better understanding of dataset.
    - Building your [first ML model](https://www.kaggle.com/code/dansbecker/your-first-machine-learning-model).

- Intermediate level tutorials on tabular regression:
    - [A Short Chronology of Deep Learning for Tabular Data](https://sebastianraschka.com/blog/2022/deep-learning-for-tabular-data.html) by Sebastian Raschka.

> ### Training your own model in just a few seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Tabular regression is the task of predicting a numerical value given a set of attributes/features. *Tabular* meaning that data is stored in a table (like an excel sheet), and each sample is contained in its own row. The features used to predict our target can be both numerical and categorical. However, including categorical features often requires additional preprocessing/feature engineering (a few models do accept categorical features directly, like [CatBoost](https://catboost.ai/)). An example of tabular regression would be predicting the weight of a fish given its' species and length.

## Use Cases

> Whenever we have a set of variables recorded in a table and use them, we try to predict a target variable; this kind of scenario could be classified as tabular regression. Some of the popular tabular use cases are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is a bit hard to read and incorrect (regression is when you have a continuous target variable)

> - **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sales Prediction: a Use Case for Predicting a Continuous Target Variable 
```
Let's make them subheader for consistency

  Here the objective is to predict a continuous variable based on a set of input variable(s). For example, predicting `sales` of an ice cream shop based on `temperature` of weather and `duration of hours` shop was open. Here we can build a regression model with `temperature` and `duration of hours` as input variable and `sales` as target variable.

> **Filling Missing Values**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filling Missing Values
```

 In real-world applications, due to human error or other reasons, some of the input values can be missing or there might not be any recorded data. Considering the example above, say the shopkeeper's watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset. In this case, missing values could be replaced it with zero, or average hours for which the shop is kept open. Another approach we can try is to use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.

## Inference

> [Here](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/tasks/src/tabular-regression/about.md) you can add a small snippet that shows how to infer a tabular regression model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We can remove this now 🙂

> Say you have your data in this format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the following data,
```

| Feature 1 | Feature 2 | Feature 3 | Target<br>Variable |
|---|---|---|---|
| ... |...  |...  |... |
| ... | ... | ... | ... |
| ... | ... | ... | ... |

> Then you can create a simple regression model as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple regression model can be created as follows:
```

Tabular regression is the task of predicting a numerical value given a set of attributes/features. *Tabular* meaning that data is stored in a table (like an excel sheet), and each sample is contained in its own row. The features used to predict our target can be both numerical and categorical. However, including categorical features often requires additional preprocessing/feature engineering (a few models do accept categorical features directly, like [CatBoost](https://catboost.ai/)). An example of tabular regression would be predicting the weight of a fish given its' species and length.

## Use Cases

> Tabular data is one of the most prevalent data out there, and many raw-datasets once we extract features from them can be arrange in tabular form. Below you can find some of the popular tabular use-cases:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabular data is the most available data in the industry. Many raw datasets, once we extract features from them, can be arranged in tabular form. Below you can find some of the popular tabular regression use cases:
```

Author: Yeah no worries, I am really thankful for your detailed feedback. I want to develop my technical writing skill to communicate ideas as simply as possible!

Tabular regression is the task of predicting a numerical value given a set of attributes/features. *Tabular* meaning that data is stored in a table (like an excel sheet), and each sample is contained in its own row. The features used to predict our target can be both numerical and categorical. However, including categorical features often requires additional preprocessing/feature engineering (a few models do accept categorical features directly, like [CatBoost](https://catboost.ai/)). An example of tabular regression would be predicting the weight of a fish given its' species and length.

## Use Cases
Tabular data is one of the most prevalent data out there, and many raw-datasets once we extract features from them can be arrange in tabular form. Below you can find some of the popular tabular use-cases:-

> - **Preditcting a continuous target value**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 
```

>   When the data has been shared to us as a table, say in a spreadsheet in this case we can use the set of attributes/features to predict our target. Some popular examples like, predicting Taxi Fare based on distance traveled and time taken, predicting the Price of House based on number of rooms, square ft. area,  etc.

Reviewer: Can you avoid using passive voice and simplify the language 🙂

Author: Sure I'll change it. Thanks a lot for all the helpful feedback!

> - **Time Series Forecasting**:

Reviewer: We have a separate task for this 🙂

  Almost all time series forecasting problems can be solved as a tabular regression problem. Popular examples could be predicting the temperature next day, forecasting the Sales of a store across time.

- **Filling Missing Values**:

>   This would be a little different from above examples however, suppose you have a table of data with some values that missing across multiple columns and rows. Here the challenge we address is of filling in those missing values.  

Reviewer: Simplification of language would be nice 🙂

> ## Metrics Used

Reviewer: You can use this template and make your changes inside it for convenience, for others to contribute easier and also for us to review easier: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/tasks/src/placeholder/about.md

Author: @merveenoyan Alright I will update things here. One question was for use cases primarily I have seen are either predicting a continuous variable or doing imputation. 
1. Are there any other use-cases you can suggest?
2. For predicting continuous values would possible task variants be predicting trip duration, sales, housing price, temperature etc. or like predicting single values and predicting multiple values?

Reviewer: You don't necessarily need to add more use cases but a bit more explanation for each of them should be fine 🙂 For latter, I think it's good to keep it simple but I will leave it up to you! Feel free to add multiple target prediction if you think it's common.

Tabular regression is the task of predicting a numerical value given a set of attributes/features. *Tabular* meaning that data is stored in a table (like an excel sheet), and each sample is contained in its own row. The features used to predict our target can be both numerical and categorical. However, including categorical features often requires additional preprocessing/feature engineering (a few models do accept categorical features directly, like [CatBoost](https://catboost.ai/)). An example of tabular regression would be predicting the weight of a fish given its' species and length.

## Use Cases

> Whenever we have a set of variables recorded in a table and using them we try to predict a target variable, this kind of scenario could come under tabular regression. Some of the popular tabular use-cases are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever we have a set of variables recorded in a table and use them, we try to predict a target variable; this kind of scenario could be classified as tabular regression. Some of the popular tabular use cases are:
```

> - **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 

Author: Sure I will make the changes 🙂

> - **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 

Reviewer: only this one 🙂 it's fine to have use cases separately!

> - **Predicting a continuous target variable**: 

Author: hi I have made the changes. Could see once.

>   - It is used in case when we have to predict a continuous variable based on a set of input variable(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - is to predict a continuous variable based on a set of input variable(s).
```

>   - For example, say we want to predict the `sales` of an Ice-Cream shop based on `temperature` and `hours` shop was open. Here we can build a regression model with `temperature` and `hours` as input variable and `sales` as target variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For example, predicting `sales` of an ice cream shop based on `temperature` of weather and `duration of hours` shop was open. Here we can build a regression model with `temperature` and `duration of hours` as input variable and `sales` as target variable.
```

- **Filling Missing Values**:
  - In real-world due to human error or other reasons some of the value can be missing or there might be some problem due to which no data was recorded. 

>   - Consider the example above, say the shopkeeper watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Considering the example above, say the shopkeeper's watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset.
```

>   - Here some ways to handle this missing value could be filling it with zero, replacing with average hours for which shop is kept open, etc,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In this case, missing values could be replaced it with zero, or average hours for which the shop is kept open.
```

Author: Done.

>   - Another approach we can try is use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Another approach we can try is to use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.
```

Tabular regression is the task of predicting a numerical value given a set of attributes/features. *Tabular* meaning that data is stored in a table (like an excel sheet), and each sample is contained in its own row. The features used to predict our target can be both numerical and categorical. However, including categorical features often requires additional preprocessing/feature engineering (a few models do accept categorical features directly, like [CatBoost](https://catboost.ai/)). An example of tabular regression would be predicting the weight of a fish given its' species and length.

## Use Cases
Tabular data is one of the most prevalent data out there, and many raw-datasets once we extract features from them can be arrange in tabular form. Below you can find some of the popular tabular use-cases:-

> - [Predicting Air Pollution](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/tabular-playground-series-jun-2021) 

Reviewer: Can you write explanations on these instead of giving links in kaggle?

Author: Updated the changes [here](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/434/commits/b45cc5850619518d70f17653abb205996ae5a907).

## Use Cases

## Sales Prediction: a Use Case for Predicting a Continuous Target Variable 
  Here the objective is to predict a continuous variable based on a set of input variable(s). For example, predicting `sales` of an ice cream shop based on `temperature` of weather and `duration of hours` shop was open. Here we can build a regression model with `temperature` and `duration of hours` as input variable and `sales` as target variable.

## Filling Missing Values
 In real-world applications, due to human error or other reasons, some of the input values can be missing or there might not be any recorded data. Considering the example above, say the shopkeeper's watch was broken and they forgot to calculate the `hours` for which the shop was open. This will lead to a missing value in their dataset. In this case, missing values could be replaced it with zero, or average hours for which the shop is kept open. Another approach we can try is to use `temperature` and `sales` variables to predict the `hours` variable here.

> ## Inference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Model Training
```
just noticed 😅

## Useful Resources

- Starting with Tabular Data Regression:
    - Doing [Exploratory Data Analysis](https://neptune.ai/blog/exploratory-data-analysis-for-tabular-data) for tabular data.
   
    - Building your [first ML model](https://www.kaggle.com/code/dansbecker/your-first-machine-learning-model).

- Moving to other approaches:

>     - A tutorial on using a set of decisions to split the data into different subsets (decision trees) and predict the target variable. You can check out this [example](https://medium.com/pursuitnotes/decision-tree-regression-in-6-steps-with-python-1a1c5aa2ee16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Useful Resources

- Starting with Tabular Data Regression:

>     - Doing [EDA](https://neptune.ai/blog/exploratory-data-analysis-for-tabular-data) for Tabular data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Doing [Exploratory Data Analysis](https://neptune.ai/blog/exploratory-data-analysis-for-tabular-data) for tabular data.
```

>     - Using [sklearn with Boston House data](https://amitg0161.medium.com/sklearn-linear-regression-tutorial-with-boston-house-dataset-cde74afd460a) to predict the value of a house.

Reviewer: This dataset is known to contain racial biases and is removed officially from sklearn.

Author: My bad, I will rectify this.

Reviewer: No worries! 🤗

    - Building your [first ML model](https://www.kaggle.com/code/dansbecker/your-first-machine-learning-model).

- Moving to other approaches:

>     - Using a set of if-else rule to split the data into different parts (Decision Tree) and then predict the target value for a given subset of data. Check out this [example](https://medium.com/pursuitnotes/decision-tree-regression-in-6-steps-with-python-1a1c5aa2ee16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A tutorial on using a set of decisions to split the data into different subsets (decision trees) and predict the target variable. You can check out this [example](https://medium.com/pursuitnotes/decision-tree-regression-in-6-steps-with-python-1a1c5aa2ee16).
```
I do think the blog post is not well written (by means of technical writing, as we want a broader audience including software developers who'd like to train regression models) 
this blog post for instance assumes very less about the audience, starts very general and dives deep: https://towardsdatascience.com/decision-trees-in-machine-learning-641b9c4e8052

Author: @merveenoyan  I think I should have asked this question earlier, still the objective is to start with basics of using approaches like regression, decision tree and random forests focusing on beginners and intermediate level people. Please correct me if I am wrong.

Reviewer: it's perfectly fine, you can check the philosophy behind pages here: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/tasks-contribution-guide.md

Initially I made these pages on my own because I was more of a researcher type trying cutting edge models and I've always worked with software developers who wanted to build ML solutions easily. Thought HF is a cool place to do it because there are a lot of pre-trained models that one can call a pipeline with one line of code and build a proof-of-concept. However, for this use case, this is not a popular thing to do so what goes in this page is still experimental 🙂 That's why we care about wording and the resources we put here!

Author: Yeah that makes complete sense. It is my first time writing and so I am getting to learn quite many stuff :)

## Useful Resources

- [Kaggle Tabular Playground Series](https://www.kaggle.com/search?q=tabular+playground+in%3Acompetitions+sortBy%3Adate+competitionEvaluationAlgorithm%3ARMSE+competitionEvaluationAlgorithm%3ASMAPE+competitionEvaluationAlgorithm%3AMAE+competitionEvaluationAlgorithm%3AMCRMSLE) comes up with a new tabular challenge every month.
- Tabular Regression using [FastAI](https://walkwithfastai.com/Regression_and_Permutation_Importance).

> - [Data Science for tabular data: Advanced Techniques](https://www.kaggle.com/code/vbmokin/data-science-for-tabular-data-advanced-techniques/notebook)

Reviewer: This seems like a compilation of winning solutions for challenges, which is not really good for the audience of these pages (sort of beginner to intermediate)

Author: Actually the first one is just a list of kaggle tabular playground series competition, and the rest are tutorial using FastAI and last one is advanced tips however I understand is required. I will modify this in _Beginner to Intermediate_ format.

Reviewer: The line I'm indicating is this: 
`- [Data Science for tabular data: Advanced Techniques](https://www.kaggle.com/code/vbmokin/data-science-for-tabular-data-advanced-techniques/notebook)`

Author: Ohh okay.

> - Tutorials on popular tree based methods like [XGBoost](https://machinelearningmastery.com/xgboost-for-regression/), [LightGBM](https://machinelearningmastery.com/light-gradient-boosted-machine-lightgbm-ensemble/) and [CatBoost](https://www.kaggle.com/code/allunia/house-prices-tutorial-with-catboost/notebook) to name a few.

Reviewer: We try to avoid using terms, and we explain them if we have to to stay beginner friendly. 🙂

Author: I have updated the changes [here](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/434/commits/b45cc5850619518d70f17653abb205996ae5a907).
Removed this and simplified the list of resources keeping in mind the beginner to intermediate readers.

> - [A Short Chronology of Deep Lernign for Tabular Data](https://sebastianraschka.com/blog/2022/deep-learning-for-tabular-data.html) by Sebastian Raschka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A Short Chronology of Deep Learning for Tabular Data](https://sebastianraschka.com/blog/2022/deep-learning-for-tabular-data.html) by Sebastian Raschka.
```
